creature_human
creature_orc
creature_ogre						# Can't marry
creature_troll
creature_murloc
creature_gnoll
creature_kobold
creature_dwarf
creature_gnome

# High elves
creature_high_elf
creature_blood_elf

creature_naga

# Red dragons
creature_red_whelp					# Can't marry at all
creature_red_drake					# Can't marry
creature_red_dragon
creature_red_wyrm

# Blue dragons
creature_blue_whelp					# Can't marry at all
creature_blue_drake					# Can't marry
creature_blue_dragon
creature_blue_wyrm

# Green dragons
creature_green_whelp				# Can't marry at all
creature_green_drake				# Can't marry
creature_green_dragon
creature_green_wyrm

# Black dragons
creature_black_whelp				# Can't marry at all
creature_black_drake				# Can't marry
creature_black_dragon
creature_black_wyrm

creature_goblin
creature_pygmy
creature_hozen
creature_draenei
creature_arakkoa_corrupted

# Undeads
creature_ghoul						# Can't marry
creature_wraith						# Can't marry
creature_banshee					# Can't marry
creature_plague_eruptor				# Can't marry
creature_abomination				# Can't marry
creature_skeleton					# Can't marry
creature_lich						# Can't marry

# Demons
creature_annihilan					# Can't marry
creature_nathrezim					# Can't marry
creature_eredruin					# Can't marry
creature_fel_orc					# Can't marry
creature_felblood_elf				# Can't marry
creature_satyr						# Can't marry
creature_eredar						# Can't marry
creature_sayaadi					# Can't marry
creature_shivarra					# Can't marry
creature_moarg						# Can't marry
creature_observer					# Can't marry
creature_avatar_of_sargeras			# Can't marry

# Elementals
creature_air_elemental				# Can't marry
creature_earth_elemental			# Can't marry
creature_fire_elemental				# Can't marry
creature_flamewaker					# Can't marry
creature_water_elemental			# Can't marry

creature_iron_dwarf					# Can't marry
creature_vrykul
creature_tuskarr
creature_magnataur
creature_furbolg
creature_gorloc
creature_watcher					# Can't marry
creature_wolvar
creature_taunka
creature_kvaldir					# Can't marry
creature_nerubian
creature_harpy						# Can't marry
creature_mechagnome					# Can't marry
creature_earthen					# Can't marry

# Bronze dragons
creature_bronze_whelp				# Can't marry at all
creature_bronze_drake				# Can't marry
creature_bronze_dragon
creature_bronze_wyrm

creature_ice_giant

creature_nraqi						# Can't marry
creature_cthraxxi					# Can't marry

creature_night_elf
creature_tauren
creature_centaur
creature_quilboar
creature_tolvir
creature_qiraji						# Can't marry
creature_dryad
creature_frostnymph
creature_highborne
creature_vulpera
creature_sethrak
creature_mechagnome
creature_earthen
creature_irondwarf
creature_nerubian

# Infinite dragons
creature_infinite_whelp				# Can't marry at all
creature_infinite_drake				# Can't marry
creature_infinite_dragon
creature_infinite_wyrm